
=== Chapter 1: The blue-violet flowers ===
As thanks for saving Avi, you have been invited to his castle.
You are strolling through the castle with Avi and an attendant. Elegant dried flowers decorate the staircase.
You then notice the same kind of pale blue-violet flowers blooming in the courtyard from inside Avi’s castle, and have a friendly chit-chat about how pretty they are with the attendant.
Avi asks you what’s up with all the chatter, with a dubious expression.
You offer a suggestion that the flowers inside might be nicer if they were live instead of dried.
Avi replies, saying that they’ll die in that case, and that will be their end.
You think he sounds terribly lonely.
You peer at him, but Avi suddenly says that you’re keeping his father waiting, and that you better hurry up.
You both hurry over to see his father, but you are still pondering the meaning of his words.

=== Chapter 2: Avi and Fluff ===
A few days later, you go out to watch the knights’ sword training.
Your breath is stolen by how handsome Avi looks.
Avi scolds his knights, asking if they really think they can protect the country at their level.
Even though the knights’ focus increased after that, Avi defeated them one by one.
As you watch, a dog was suddenly licking your right hand.
It was white and fluffy, wagging its tail, and holding a boomerang.
You tried to play fetch with it, but the boomerang fell to the ground a few inches away. The dog sighs at you.
Avi notices and walks up from behind to tell you that you suck.
After some friendly chatter, Avi explains that the dog is named Fluff, after a word his country uses which means cloud.
You note Avi’s pained expression as he looks at Fluff, and comment on it, but he brushes it off.
You then comment that Fluff must really like Avi, seeing Fluff’s affection towards him. Avi just brushes it off again, and you ask him why he doesn’t pet Fluff. He replies quietly, almost as if telling himself, that it’s training time.
Avi heads back to training, but not without teasing you again that you suck at throwing boomerangs. You think back to the curious things he has been saying, and become certain that he is hiding something of himself from you.

=== Chapter 3: The heart you can’t see ===
You leave the training grounds and head back to the castle with Fluff in tow. You tell Fluff that you’ll make Avi play with it as soon as training ends.
You get startled by a loud noise that came from a room you are walking past.
You open the door to the room wider, and to your surprise, a large wooden board had fallen in the room.
You go into the room and try to pick up the large rectangular board to put it back, but you realize that it was actually an old portrait, seemingly of Avi’s family and Fluff, caked in dust. Avi and his mother were both holding those blue-violet flowers from before. Avi then pokes his head in the door, asking you what you’re doing in there.
You explain what happened and your intention, but Avi says to just leave it be. He takes the painting from you, and leans it against the wall. His expression is the same as when he said that flowers will just die, and that would be their end.
You attempt to fill the awkward silence by chattering about the portrait, but Avi mutters something. He then repeats it more loudly, abruptly asking you if it’s really that fun to poke into someone’s past.
Suddenly Avi grabs the painting, saying there’s no point in saving the painting - if what’s left in it has died, then that was its end.
You protest, attempting to stop him from throwing the painting onto the floor by wrapping yourself around him. Losing his balance, he knocked over a vase and it shattered into pieces.
Avi tosses the portrait aside and grabs your shoulders. He says you’re wounded, but you reply your leg just got a bit scratched. Avi insists you need to be treated, and picks you up, carrying you under his arm.
You insist that you can walk yourself, but he insists back that since he’s the one that caused you to get hurt, he feels like he should at least do this.
Avi carries you briskly down the hallway. You can feel Avi’s toned body through his clothes. You wonder what he’s thinking, leaning your head against his chest.

=== Chapter 4: I want to reconcile ===
Avi carries you to see a female attendant, whose eyes widen at the sight of you two. Avi instructs her to treat your leg, making sure there will be no scarring.
You thought Avi would stay there until you were treated, but as soon as he confirms that the treatment had started, he leaves the room.
After that, the attendant is unfortunately very curious about what happened between you and Avi. However, it just reinforces your thoughts that you’re nothing special to Avi, since he so violently lashed out against you for digging into his past. You feel bad about what happened.
Avi has stayed by your side all this time, and you thought you knew him. You want to know more.
That night, you couldn’t sleep thinking about what happened that day. You decide to go get some fresh air in the courtyard. The blue-violet flowers are beautiful, but it painfully reminds you of what happened with Avi, and you decide you must apologize the next time you see him.
You see a small white thing leaving through the gate. It’s Fluff. You wonder where Fluff is going at this time of night. You think that Avi would be even sadder if something happened to Fluff, so you run after it.
At the same time, Avi is unable to sleep, and then unable to concentrate on the book he is trying to read from worrying about you. Avi admits to himself he was in the wrong, and goes to see if you’re awake.

=== Sun Chapter 5: An anxious heart ===
When Fluff noticed you were following, it looked happy. You caught up to Fluff and scooped it up. Then, you noticed you had no clue where you had come to. It wasn’t far from the castle, but the surroundings were dark and unfamiliar.
At that moment, Avi is looking for you. Pounding violently on your door, he realizes how important of an existence you are to him.

=== Sun Chapter 6: The strength I can protect ===
You start walking, but Fluff drags you out to a beautiful field of blue-violet flowers. However, Fluff starts whining, and you turn to see a large pack of wolves eyeing you. You scoop Fluff into your arms and try to escape, but the wolves catch up and surround you in a heartbeat. You attempt to protect Fluff by wrapping your body around it, but then you hear a wolf whine along with the sound of a sword. Avi is standing in front of you, wielding a large sword. In moments, Avi had dispatched the entire pack of wolves back into the forest.
After seeing that, all the strength left your body. Avi asks if you’re okay, sheathing his sword. Avi walks towards you and Fluff. You then notice that a wound is blooming on his arm. Avi says it’s nothing. You wrap a handkerchief around it tightly to stop the bleeding, and Avi winces. You ask if he’s alright, and he insists once again that it’s nothing. You ask him why he came, and he frowns, searching for words. He blushes, explaining that he wanted to go apologize to you, but you weren’t in your room, so he went looking for you. Then he apologizes. You apologize back. Your heart is thumping after the reconciliation. Avi starts to say something about the field of flowers, but gets distracted, his gaze pouring out over the field. Avi then says you all should head back to the castle, since it’s dangerous out at night.
When you arrive back at the castle, you properly treat Avi’s arm, and he asks how you found that field. You explain that you followed Fluff there. Avi seems pleased that Fluff remembered it. You take the moment to ask why Avi looks so lonely sometimes. You tell him you don’t want to see him look lonely anymore, and you want to know more about him. He pats your head, and tells you it’s not a nice story. You nod at him to continue, and he quietly begins his story.
He says he had a weak constitution as a kid. One time, he had an extremely high fever that apparently had endangered his life. His mother went to gather flowers to cheer him up. Avi pauses here, then he slowly starts speaking again. He says that just like tonight, she had been attacked by wild dogs. Fluff’s mother who had also went along was also attacked. All that was left of them was the beat up and torn flowers his mom had gathered. He still believes it was his fault.
You realize all his regrets were stored in the flower garden in the courtyard. If only Avi was stronger… If only his mother hadn’t had to go so far to gather the flowers, then maybe she wouldn’t have died.
Avi says that he wanted to become strong, so that he would never lose anything because of his weakness again. He wonders if he has achieved that goal. He asks if he can touch you. You nod, and he gently caresses your cheek. He says that he hopes he can protect you now. You tell him he just did. His hand moves to your lips. Embarrassed, you look down. Avi tells you to look into his eyes. When you do, you are drawn in by his powerful gaze. You can now see the sadness buried deep within those eyes. Illuminated by the moonlight, you pray that you can embrace all of him and be his support. You want him to be happy. You quietly kiss.
Avi says he will not lose anyone else who is precious to him. He will become stronger so he does not lose you. You tell him you also don’t want to lose him, and are pulled in for a deeper kiss. You continue to convey how much you love him through your deep and passionate kisses.