=== Chapter 1: A Party on the Ship for Two ===
Rosso has invited you to a party he is hosting on his ship.
You meet up with him on the shore of Ancula.
He’s wearing fancier clothes than usual, which he tells you is for the holiday.
You can see his ship, the Barena Rossa anchored close by. It’s huge, and looks a bit creepy.
Rosso tells you he invited you early, and nobody else. Apparently there is something he wants to do together, just the two of you. He even sent the shipmates into town.
Rosso grabs your hand and drags you onto the boat.

=== Chapter 2: The Harvest Festival on the Barena Rossa===
You get on the ship and immediately feel a bit seasick, causing you to trip. Rosso rushes to support you. He teases you, asking if he should embrace you as you walk so you don’t get hurt. He clarifies that he means to princess carry you.
You refuse, but he passes it off as a joke. Before moving on though, he says if you really want to, he’ll do it.
When Rosso’s tour had taken you all the way to your room, you noticed many boxes full of tinsel and such.
He confirms that the thing he wanted to do alone with you was… decorate.
He says it’s the first party he’s ever held, so he just bought whatever he thought might work with the theme.
You ask him what the party is for. He explains that in Ancura’s Harvest Festival, there is a mourning custom that they practice for people who lost their lives at sea.
He explains that there is a magnificent Harvest Festival in Rotoria, but Sarasa, who really wants to attend, can’t leave the sea to attend. So he figured he would try hosting the party on his ship this year. Rosso also knows his shipmates love this kind of thing.
You remember that in the past, Rosso lost many of his crewmates in a terrible accident at sea.
He concluded saying that he figured being able to host something fun and honor the lost at the same time would be nice.
You tell Rosso it’s so like him to do something like this, and that you’ll give it your all. He pats your head.