=== Chapter 1: On a night of falling stars ===
On a night where the stars twinkle as they fall…
The prince you have awoken shines as if the light of all the stars was gathered into one human being.
His hair was a platinum color like molten stardust, and his eyes are reminiscent of a starry night sky. There is also a shiny hourglass with sand of the same color hanging from his necklace.
You introduce yourselves.
The light of the falling stars illuminated his hair like the ripple of the sparkling surface of a body of water.
He asks how long you plan to do that. You get embarrassed because you were still on your knees and looking up at him, as you awakened him in that position.
Step reaches his hand out to you. When you take it, you’re shocked at how cold it is. You notice his cheeks are also so pale as to be translucent.
You comment on this, and he says it’s nothing. He sighs.
To your surprise, a tiny falling star was born from his sigh, and he caught it with a long finger. You ask him how he did that, and he notes that you really like asking questions.
He whispers something softly to the star, and it briefly shines brightly, then quietly stops moving on his palm.
He explains that if you focus a wish into it, and release it into the night sky, it will grant you that one wish. He is giving it to you as thanks for awakening him.
The star he handed to you was cold, reminding you of the temperature of his hand. As you stared at it, Ster turned his back and began to walk away.
You touch his sleeve trying to stop him, and with a dazzling flash of light, you melt into a star. Before you knew it, you were gliding through the night sky with Steer, perched on a star.

== Chapter 2: The power of stars ===
After coming down from the night sky, you touch upon the ground and turn to stare at Ster. You can’t believe you just rode a falling star.
It was already a shock to be able to cross the sky using Moon Road, but to ride on a shooting star is…
Star is looking at you like he can’t believe his eyes.
You start to say something, but realize that it is very cold. The ground you’re standing upon is a field of snow, and an intense cold envelops your body.
Star says he can’t believe he brought you along. He sighs softly, then brushes some snow off your shoulder.
You ask him if everyone in this country can ride stars. He replies that only the royal family can. They can use falling stars to go between the sky and the earth. They can use small stars, too, even if they’re not falling.
Ster looks up at the night sky. He points out one of the stars.
He says that star was the one you two were on previously, and he’ll bring you back after his business on this star is done.
He explains that he came to grant a wish.
You inwardly smack yourself for continually asking questions.
He begins to walk in front of you as he talks.
He explains that his family has the power to grant wishes using the power of shooting stars.
Through those contracts to grant peoples’ wishes, they achieved the political power over all those tiny stars.
He says that today he felt the voice of a holy wish from this star. However, he was assaulted on his way.
You comment that it’s so wonderful to wish on a shooting star.
Ster, perplexed, asks how it could be wonderful if the shooting star is so ephemeral.
He stops in his tracks. When you ask him what is wrong, he says it’s nothing after a long pause. A slight blush stained his stark white cheeks. He promises to bring you back immediately.
You grab his sleeve unconsciously, thinking that he seems like he will disappear into the night sky at any moment.
He asks you what is wrong. After thinking for a bit, you tell him you’d like him to take you to see him grant a wish. That just came to you in the moment, but it was from your heart. Ster thinks for a while, and then begrudgingly nods.
He says he owes you, so why not.
Even though he talks so coldly, he has been brushing snow off of your hair and shoulders this entire time. He notes that you’re shivering, and that you’ll catch cold if you stay here longer anyway.
Star once again, with a long thin breath, calls forth a shooting star. This time he doesn’t take it, but instead whispers something to it, and the hourglass resting on his chest glows.
To your surprise, a pure white, warm-looking coat appears. You thank him enthusiastically. He says it’s nothing.
He wraps the coat around your shoulders, and you notice that it fits you perfectly. You tell him it’s warm and smile at him. He smiles, and is very happy you like it.
Your heart thumps seeing his expressionless face take on a smile.
He offers his hand, saying let’s go, and you take it. Even though his hand is cold as ice, for some reason your cheeks were heated.

=== Chapter 3: A moment into eternity ===
The light of the star absorbs into the snow. As you walk, you realize it really is a small star.
You stop to look at a snowman atop a stump, and call Ster to look at it.
He doesn’t even know what a snowman is. You demonstrate making one for him, and he calls it ugly. So you pout and tell him to make a better one, then.
He squats down, and in moments he elegantly conjures up two perfectly round balls of snow.
Even though your snowman was the example, his was way nicer.
After finishing, Ster says it was a piece of cake, and that you’re unexpectedly clumsy.
Ster stares at the snowman you made and were holding. Embarrassed, you avert your eyes, but then Ster takes the snowman from you. He gives you his beautiful one and begins to walk again.
Did he just exchange them? You ask him if it’s really alright.
He says they’ll melt soon, anyway. You thank him, and he smiles.
You put a hand to your chest and inhale, and then Ster points out your destination.
A girl?
As you get closer, you perceive a girl surrounded by snow.
Ster asks her what is wrong. The girl looks up in him at terror. She asks him who he is.
Three small bunnies hop into her arms.
Ster kneels down, meeting her line of vision, then talks to her gently.
He tells her not to be afraid, and introduces himself as Ster, the prince of Meteobel. He tells her he came to grant her wish.
She asks if he will really grant her wish.
He answers in the affirmative.
Her eyes sparkle.
She says she is moving to a faraway country. Her wish is for her bunnies.
She shows Ster the three bunnies’ faces poking out of her coat.
She explains that she is not allowed to take them along because without her, they’ll freeze.
Tears well up in her eyes.
She implores Ster.
He pats her head, and calls forth a shooting star. After chanting the wish, his hourglass glowed. The girl shouts in wonder as a meadow blooms beneath our feet.
You could still see snow all around you in the distance, but the area around you is strangely warm.
It’s beautiful.
The bunnies hop from her arms and begin to jump around the meadow.
Star asks if she is satisfied with this, and she thanks him.
The girl laughs and begins to happily chase the bunnies around.
Looking at her, you see Ster smile his most gentle smile yet.
What a kind person… Peoples’ smiles make him so happy.
Watching Ster smile warmed your heart, but also pained it.
Star starts, saying he forgot. You see that he’s talking about the ugly snowman you made, which is melting.
However, Ster’s snowman is still alright, so you offer it back to him. But he says he’s fine, shaking his head.
But he takes the snowman from you and puts it next to your melting one.
You ?? at him.
Star looks at the snowmen for a while, and softly closes his eyes. He then opens his eyes and then turns his back on them, saying let’s go.
You ask about the snowmen, and he says to leave them.
He stares back at the girl running around with the bunnies with the same look as when he looked at the snowmen. He tells you he made it in his memory so that they won’t disappear, so it’s fine to leave them.
His words being absorbed by the night sky, for some reason your heart feels noisy.
You say it smells nice and smile at Ster, who had fallen silent.
He asks if you like flowers.
You say yes.
He says really, and narrows his eyes, looking pained.
He then says we really have to go now. Confused, you ask why you’re not saying bye to the girl.
Ster says the shooting star has already arrived.
As you left, Steer never looked back. As you watched his back, you get an inexplicably painful feeling.

=== Chapter 4: What’s in his heart ===
The next star we visited, riding the shooting star was very lively.
There was bright music playing here and there, and people dancing in beautiful clothing.
Ster explains that there’s always a festival going on for no particular purpose in this place.
You couldn’t believe there was a place in the night sky where people party day in and day out.
While you’re watching the festival activity, Ster grabs your hand, telling you to watch out. Where you were previously standing, a merry band was now dancing through.
You apologize, your face close to Ster’s chest, heart thumping at the sudden proximity.
Ster says you’re like a child, getting entranced at the drop of a hat and forgetting about your surroundings.
You apologize again. He takes you around to places with lots of pedestrians.
He’s so kind. You put your hand to your chest as if to calm your beating heart, and Ster says that he kind of enjoys watching your face as you space out like an idiot in fascination.
Your cheeks go red in embarrassment.
You shake your head like mad, changing the topic to ask what kind of kid Ster was.
Ster is perplexed by the question, so you try asking him what kind of things he liked. He asks you what you liked. If you answer that you were adventurous,
Ster says you must have been a pretty rowdy kid. He looks beyond the bustling town to the night sky.
He says that seems fun, and that he doesn’t have very many memories of playing around.
He was always in bed, with a weak constitution. His only fun was studying. He couldn’t be off help to anybody, and all he did was make his mom cry because of his health.
He was happy when he finally became an adult and was able to leave the palace to grant peoples’ wishes. He finally felt alive in those moments where he grants peoples’ wishes.
So that’s why he smiled so happily after granting wishes.
While you are searching for words to reply with, a villager comes up and says it is your turn next.
You get sat down in a chair.
Star is like wtf
The villager says he’ll do your makeup and coordinate an outfit for you, which is necessary to be at the party.
With no chance for protest, you were being made up and outfitted with a dress robe atop your coat.
Star made no effort to stop them, and seemed to enjoy watching it.
After a while, they finished, and the villager is like, Ta-dah! 10/10, right? Asking Ster to agree. You look in the mirror and see bright red cheeks and harsh red lips, along with a ridiculous robe. You’re pretty positive you look… scary!
Star is trembling, obviously holding back laughter.
The villager, satisfied, leaves you two.
Star bursts out in loud laughter as soon as he’s gone.
You heart melts at his laughter which you are hearing for the first time.
But it’s super embarrassing, and you want to disappear.
After his first wave of laughter, with tears in his eyes, Ster tells you to let him see, gently lifting up your chin.
He says it’s amazing, and the guy is some kind of genius.
You’re super embarrassed. You try to go somewhere and wash it off, but Ster strengthens his grip and tells you it’s fine. He takes out a handkerchief and wipes the blush off your cheeks, and turning your around, unties the ribbon of your robe.
You thank him.
He said it would have been fine too if you left it on for a while. Although he does think it suits you better to be normal lol
He breathes out a shooting star, and gently strokes the nape of your neck.
He says it’s the flower you said you liked.
Looking down at your chest, you see a delicate flower necklace worked from gold hanging from your neck.
He comments that flowers will die, but if it’s this….
It’s so beautiful. But how can you accept it…
Ster asks if you don’t like it.
Obviously you like it, but you feel weird about accepting it.
Ster says if you like it, then keep wearing it.
He smiles with his eyes.
His eyes are so gentle.
You are so happy, the smiles just flow out of you. Ster, seeing that, lifts your necklace and kisses it.
You feel like you can’t breathe for a second.
Ster says he’d like to dance with you, but that you both should head back.
He says he hasn’t laughed like that in a long time, and he feels a bit…
You ask him if he’s alright - his hand was a lot colder than before, and you gulped.
Pale-faced, Ster tries to go mount the star back to Meteobel castle, but collapses.
You could hear his ragged breaths.
The time numbly dragged out as you rode the star back.